alright what's good YouTube it's been a
while since i made a video um I haven't
really been happy with the releases past
month so I didn't really pick up
anything new um this is a late pickup I
got these a couple days ago just i'm
going to review it or let you guys know
what I picked up these sell really well
and I was likely to find a pair of foot
action and they are nike roshe runs size
11 or red cool grey sale they retail for
seventy dollars comes a brown box Brown
nike box rush runs um guess some people
think they're kind of ugly but honestly
i really like these and for the price
you can't go wrong but pretty much the
entire shoe is a red mesh literally
everywhere except for the swoosh not
sure what material it is but feels
really cheap but it's in that gray dark
gray color you got that red stitching
right there um red pull tab entire
midsole is white in the bottom Souls
white without shredding nike swoosh um
the soul is the best part it's kind of
like that lunar lon souls that you get a
peer odds I guess if you has any had any
of those or lunar lon running shoes
these are honestly the most comfortable
shoes I've ever worn I'm really happy
with the pickup in for seventy dollars
you can't go wrong they are hard to come
by my area or in the DMV I have I to get
these ordered in a ship from california
so i'm really happy i was able to get
them
it's not really much going on the shoe
they are extremely comfy like I just
said but I'm gonna show you guys what
these alike on feet in just sick all
right guys we will look on feet not the
best looking in the world but they are
pretty nice in my opinion like I said
extremely come free extremely comfy get
free run 3 3 gonna tease or anything
like that honestly these feel so much
better than those if you think those are
comfy but here's a short look on them
just a round of you and pick up please
like comment subscribe and leave any
comments below if you have any questions
about the shoe I'm going to try to get
more earlier these on the next couple of
shoes that come out hopefully I get on
the world ones possibly the Joker threes
and possibly the Crimson threes both
that thanks for subscribing me and
thanks for watching